不久之前，在爱琴海的基亚岛上，考古工作者有一项有趣的发现。一个美国考古队在阿伊亚.依里尼海角的一座古城里考察了一座庙宇。
long before, archeologist had an interesting discovery in the kiya island of aiqin sea. An American archeology team explored a temple in
one old city of .
//not long ago, archaeologists made an interesting discovery on the island of Kia in the Aegean sea. An American archaeological team
explored a temple in an ancient city at cape.
some time ago, an interesting discovery was made by archaeologists on the Aegean Island of Kea. An American team explored a temple in an acient
city on the promontory of Ayia Irini.
这座古城肯定一度很繁荣，因为它曾享有高度的文明，房子一般有3层楼高，用石块修建。里面房间很大，墙壁装饰华丽。
this city must have been prosperous, for it used to be a very highly civilization. the house is 3-floor high, is made of stone, the inner room
is very big and the wall is highly decorated.
// the acient city must have been prosperous for a time because it once enjoyed a high degree of civilization. houses are generally three
stories high and are built with stone.the room was large and the walls were ornate.
//this city at one time must have been prosperous, for it enjoyed a high level of civilization. houses are 3 stories high and are built of stone.
they had large rooms with beautifully decorated walls.
城里甚至还敷设了排水系统，因为在狭窄的街道底下发现了许许多多陶土制作的排水管道。
the city even had the drainage system, for there are many many clay drainage pipe under the narrow street.
//drainage systems were laid in the city, as many drainage pipes made of clay were found under the narrow street.
//the city was even equipped with a drainage system, for a great many clay pipes were found beneath the narrow street.
考古工作者考察的这座庙宇从公元前15世纪直到罗马时代一直是祭祀祈祷的场所。在庙中最神圣的一间殿堂里发现了15尊陶雕像的碎片。
the temple which the archeaologist expored is always used as a worhship place from the 15th B.C. to Roma times.
in the most sacred room, 15 fragments of clay statues were found.
//the temple explored by the archeaologist has been a place of worship from the 15th century BC until roman times.
fragments of 15 pottery statues were found in the one of the most sacred temples.
每一尊雕像代表一位女神，而且一度上过色。其中有一尊雕像，她的躯体是在公元前15世纪的历史文物中发现的，而她那身异处的脑袋却碰巧是在公元前5世纪的文物中找到的。
each statue represents a goddess,and was once pained. among them is a statue whose body was found in the historical relics of the 15th
century BC.but her head in different place happened to be found in the 5th century BC.
//Each of them represented a goddess and had, at one time, been painted. the body of one statue was found among remains dating from the 
15th century BC.it's missing head happened to be among the remains of the 5th century BC.
她的脑袋一定是在古希腊罗马时代就为人所发现，并受到精心的保护。却使在当时，它也属历史悠久的珍奇之物。
考古工作者把这些碎片重新拼装起来后，惊奇地发现那位女神原来是一位相貌十分摩登的女郎。
her head must have been found in the acient Greek and Roman times and carefully preserved. but at that time, it was also a treasure with a long history.
After the archeaologists reassembled the fragments, they were surprised to find that the goddess turned out to be a very modern girl.
//this head must have been found in classical times and carefully preserved. It was very old and presious even then.
when the archeaologists reconstructed the fragments, they were amazed to find that the goddess turned out to be a very modern-looking woman.\
她身高3英尺，双手叉腰。身穿一条拖地长裙，尽管上了年纪，但体态确实优美。不过，考古工作者至今未能确定这位女神的身份。
she is 3 feet tall with her hands on her hips. wearing a full-length skirt which swept the ground. she was indeed graceful despite of her
age.but archeaologists have failed to identify the goddess so far.
//she stood 3 feet high and her hands rested on her hips. she was wearing a full-length skirt which swept the ground.
she was very graceful indeed despite her great age. But, so far, the archeaologists have been unable to identify the goddess.
