so for the past 20 years, I have been helping Malaysians and other Southeast Asians to speak better
English. through training thousands of(数以千计) Southeast Asians, I've discovered a very surprising truth.
I've discovered that how well somebody communicates in English, actually has very little to do with their
English level. It has a lot to do with their attitude towards English. there are people out there who have
a very very level of English and they can communicate very very well. one of them I remember was a student, 
the participant of mine, named zhang, he was a factory supervisor. english level very very low, but this guy 
could just sit and listen to anybody calmly, clearly, and he could respond. absolutely express his thoughts
beautifully at a very low level of English. today I want to share with you what is so different about people
like faisal, how do they do it? and second of all, why is this so important not only to you, but also to your children, to your 
community, to the future of Malaysia. the third of all, what's one thing you can do starting today if you want to speak English
with that calm and clear confidence that people like faisal has. what is so different, how do people like
faisal do it. to answer that question I'm going to take you back about 10 years, I was training staff at that time, 
and my daughter, at that time, was taking piano lessons. And I start to notice two really strong similarities
between my daughter's attitude or thinking towards playing the piano and a lot of Malaysians' thinking or attitude 
towards English. first of all, I should tell you, my daughter absolutely hated the piano, hated the lessons, hated 
practicing, this is my daughter playing piano, this is as good as it got. this is the real thing.
and she dreaded going to piano lessons, because to my daughter, going to piano lessons, she was filled with this sort of 
dread. because it was all about not screwing up, right? because like for a lot of piano students, to both my daughter and her teacher,
the success in piano was measured by how few mistakes she made. at the same time, I noticed that a lot of Malaysians went into Englishi 
conversations now with the same sort of feeling of dread. this sort of feeling that they were going to be judged by how many mistakes
they were going to make and whether or not they were gonna screw up. the second similarity that I noticed was to do with self-image.
she knew what good piano sounded like, because we've all heard good piano. she knew what her level was. and she knew how long she'd have to 
play for to play like that. and a lot of Malaysians I noticed had this idea of what good proper English is supposed to sound like, I see a lot
of you nodding. and what their English sounded like. and how far they'd have to go to get there. they felt like they were like my daughter just bad,
 bad piano player, bad english speaker, right. what is it about people like faizal that are so different that can just do it smoothly, calmly,
 with confidence? One day, I discovered that answer and I discovered it quite by chance. It was a day when my computer broke down and I had to  go 
 to cybercafe. it was my first time, and I discovered cycbercafe are disgusting places, okay, they are really gross. they are smelly, and they are
 filled with boys. they are playing noisy, violent games, they are just disgusting games. but I had to go there so I sat down.  I start noticing this guy
 beside me and I'd become very very interested in this guy next to me. this guy is playing this game that basically, it's like 
 shooting people until they die. that's it, I'm noticing that this guy is not very good, he's like in fact terrible right, I'm looking I'm seeing like 
 a lot of shooting, but not much dying, what really interested me was that behind this lousy player were three of his friends sorts of standing there watching him play.
 what I really noticed was even though this guy was terrible, even though his friends were watching him, there was no embarrassment, there was no feeling of being judged,
 there was no shyness, in fact, quite the opposite, this guy's totally focused on the bad guys, smile on his face. all he can think about is killing these guys. I'm watching him
 and I suddenly realized, this is it. this is the same attitude that poople like faizal have when they speak english, just like this guy.
 when he goes into english conversations, he doesn't feel judged, he is entirely focused 
on the person that he's speaking to, and the result he wants to get. he's got no 
self-awareness, no thoughts about his own mistakes. I want to share with you a true example,
to paint a picture of somebody who speaks english like they are playing a piano, or
someone who speaks english like they are playing a computer game. This is a true story happened to me.
a while ago, I'm in a pharmacy, I had to buy a omega. my doctor said I had to get omega.
and I go to the shelf,  there's tons of omega, that's high in PHA, omega that's high in EPA,
I don't know which to buy. now the sales rep happened to be there. I saw she's like this 
well-dressed professional woman. I walk over to her, and I see this look as she sees me,  this sort of 
- it's a look I recognize very well, her eyes go all wide, it's sort of that panic, oh my god, 
I'm  gonna to speak to a native speaker, she is gonna judge me and notice my mistakes.
I go up to her and explained my situation which omega do I get, she starts explaining everything about DHA,
EPA, you could possibly imagine, she speaks very quickly goes all around in circles. when she finishes, no idea 
what to buy, so I turned to the girl behind the counter, the girl behind the counter, I heard her before, her
english level is very low, when I walk over to her, this girl, there is no fear, In fact, she is just looking at me,
you know that look, okay so ,how?  I've been in malaysia a long time, EPA for heart, DHA for brain, 
My brain is not as good as it used to be, so we've got two different kinds of communicators, 
we've got the one who's got a high level, but totally focused on herself and getting it right, therefore, very ineffective,
we've got another one low level totally focused on the person she's talking to and getting th result. therein lies the difference.
so why is this distinction so important not just to you, to your children, but to the future of malaysia and countries like malaysia,
to answer that, let's take a look at who actually is speaking english in the world today, if we looked at all of the english conversations in the 
whole world taking place right now on planet Earth. we would see that for every native speaker, like, there are five non-native speakers.
and if we'd listen to every conversation in English on planet Earth right now, we would notice that 96% of those conversations involved non-native
speakers only 4% of those conversations are native speaker to native speaker, this is not my language anymore, 
this language belongs to you, it's not an art to be mastered, it's just a tool to use to get results, and I wanna give you a real-life example
what english is today in the world, real english in the world today, this is another true story. I was at a barbecue a little wile ago, this is a barbecue
for engineers from all over the world, they were making hot dogs, some of hot dogs were regular hot dogs, and some were cheese hot dogs, you 
know, with cheese in the middle, a french engineer is cooking a hot dog, and he turns to a korean engineer, and he says,
would you like a hot dog? and the korean guy says yes please, and the korean looks around at the table, I no see cheese,
integrator, this is what english is today. it is just a tool to play around with to get a result.  the challenge is that we know in schools all around the world
right, english is not really being taught like a tool to play with, it's still being taught like it's an art to master, and students are judged more on correctness,
than on clarity,  some of them may remember the old comprehension exam in school,  does everybody in school you would get a question about that you read,
you'd have to read through some text and then answer a question to show you understood the text, this may have happened to you that you showed you understood a text
but you got a big x, because you made a little grammer mistake, like this student, this students clearly understood paragraph 4, but not correct, because he left the letter N of 
the word environment, but in the world, what would matter, what would matter is did you understand the email so that you can go ahead ang take action.
the problem that I see here, over and over, is that people take the attitute they developed about english in school, and they bring it into theire adult life and into their work
and if you're in a stressful situation, and you're having a conversation,  your brain multi-tasks,  it can not do two things at once, and what I see is the brain just shutting down.
and you may recognize these three symptoms of the brain shutting down, the first one is that your listening goes, someone is talking to you, you 're so busy thinking about how 
you're going to response and express yourself correctly. you don't hear what the other person said. I can see a lot of you nodding in the audience, the second to go is speaking ,
your mind sort of shuts down, and that vocabulary you do know just disappears,  the word don't come out, the third thing is to go is your confidence,
the worse thing about this is you may only be unconfident yourself, you cannot express yourself clearly, but to the person talking to you, they may misunderstand you, as a lack of
confidence in your ability to do the job and to perform. so if you want to speak english like faizal with that confidence,  here's one thing that you can do, when you speak, don't focus on
 yourself, focus on the other person and results you want to achieve, imagine, a next generation of malaysians, all with that wonderful confidence in communication that faizal has, at any level
of english, let's remember that english today is not an art to be mastered, it's just a tool to use to get a result. and that tool belongs to you. thank you applause.
 
