tonight in washington state, the outbreak turning deadly at least nine fatalities in more than 30 confirmed cases of the corona virus.
emergency crews responding again today to the nursing home where several patients lived who later died after contracting the virus.
others are still hospitalized in critical condition,26 firefighter who helped the sick are now off the job.
many with flu-like symptoms, this really impacts the community right, our abillity to keep the community safe.
across the country, in the nation's most populated city, new york officials confirmed corona virus infected another patient hosipitalized in serious condition.
doctors are now tracing his movements, the man a lawyer in his 50's who lives in westchester, and workds in New York city may have been exposed in the area.
今晚在华盛顿州爆发的冠状病毒已导致30多例确诊病例中至少9人死亡。今天，急救人员再次对疗养院做出反应，几名病人曾住在这里，但后来因感染病毒而死亡。
其他人员仍在医院接受治疗，情况危急，曾帮助过病人的26名消防员现已离职。很多人都有类似流感的症状，这确实影响了社区，我们保持社区安全的能力。
在全国各地，在这个美国人口最多的城市，纽约官员证实，科罗娜病毒感染了另一名病情严重的病人。
医生们现在正在追踪他的行动，这名50多岁的律师住在韦斯特切斯特，在纽约市工作的人可能已经暴露在该地区。
his family quarantined at home, seven employees at his firm are being tested, and the school his children attend are now being cleaned.
this is a crisis that will be with us, I think it's fair to say not for weeks but for months, 
fighting the virus and public fear, tonight there are more than 120 confirmed cases in a growing number of states.
 in North carolina, their first patient the person exposed after visiting the nursing center in Washington State.
back near seattle, a government building closed as a public school reopened after one of its students tested positive for the virus, 
four others being monitored.
I feel like I'm sending my son to death basically, I mean it's just unsafe.
他的家人被隔离在家中，他公司的七名员工正在接受检测，他的孩子们所在的学校正在进行清洁。
这是一场将伴随我们的危机，公平地说，不是几周而是几个月，与病毒和公众的恐惧作斗争，今晚在越来越多的州有超过120个确诊病例。
在北卡罗来纳州，他们的第一个病人在参观了华盛顿州的护理中心后被感染。
在西雅图附近，一所公立学校的一名学生被检测出病毒阳性，另外四名学生受到监控，随后学校重新开放，政府大楼随之关闭。
我觉得我要送我儿子去死基本上，我的意思是这是不安全的。
washington's governor saying the public should consider avoiding large events and assemblies.
we are not making a request formally right now for events to be canceled. but people should be prepared for that possibility.
tonight growing concern over the unknown, a deadly virus quickly spreading,  as health officials urged caution while trying to ease fear.
some of the patients who tested positive for the corona virus were being treated in the hospital behind me they're in critical condition.
fighting for their lives.
meantime local officials here in the seattle area say they are working  to buy a local hotel the house the sick, 
a clear indication they expect those numbers to also rise.
hey NBC news fans thanks for cheching out our youtube channel, subscribe by clicking on that button down here, 
and click on any of the videos over here to watch the latest interview show highlights and digital exclusives, thanks for watching.
华盛顿州长表示，公众应该考虑避免大型活动和集会。我们现在还没有正式提出取消活动的请求。但人们应该为这种可能性做好准备。
今晚，由于一种致命病毒的迅速传播，人们对未知的担忧与日俱增，卫生官员敦促人们在试图缓解恐惧的同时保持谨慎。
一些冠状病毒检测呈阳性的病人正在我身后的医院接受治疗，他们的情况危急，正在与死神搏斗。
与此同时，西雅图地区的当地官员表示，他们正在努力为当地一家酒店购买病人的房子，这清楚地表明，他们预计这些数字还会上升。
感谢收看我们的youtube频道，点击下面的按钮订阅，点击这里的任何视频观看最新的访谈秀集大成和独家数字新闻，感谢收看。
