很难阻止这种疾病的传播,我们是上个星期四的第二次听证会是在很大程度上缓解看测试,
这是上周四第一社区传播情况下打我家的萨克拉门托县一个病人住院戴维斯加州大学健康系统,用于实践。
发现的是你们知道的检测准则可能是我太死板了我们错过了很多社区检测。我们也开始发现测试人员的能力，
测试工具的可用性等在很大程度上是不存在的。昨天我很高兴听到副总统的讲话。事情正在加速发展。但我们可能确实浪费了不少时间。
我们可能会在我们所有的国会选区看到更多的社区案例。
it is difficult to stop this spread of disease,
the second hearing we had was last Thurday was on mitigation largely looking at testing, 
and this was last thursday after the first community spread case hit my home county of sacramento
where a patient was hospitalized at the university of california davis health system where used to practice.
what was discovered was you know the testing critera were probably I'm too rigid that we were missing a lot of community tests.
we also started to discover the ability to test folks, the availability of test kits etc.was largely not not there.
I pleased you to hear the vice president yesterday. things are ramping up.but we probably did lose quite a bit of time.
and we are likely going to see many more community cases probably in all of our congressional districts.
but we still you know there is a lot to be learned from kind of bureaucratic breakdown that prevented us from rapidly getting those tests out there.  
但是我们仍然可以从官僚体制的崩溃中学到很多东西这让我们无法快速地进行测试。
today's hearing is focused on treatment based on science and what we can learn from how this virus intially developed.  
今天的听力重点是基于科学的治疗，以及我们可以从这种病毒的迅速发展中学到什么。
what we can learn from looking at Chinese response, we now have a big data set, how did they manage folks. 
我们可以从中国的反应中学到什么，我们现在有一个大数据集，他们是如何管理人员的。
China is a communist country so they were able to do things that we can't do as a democratic nation, you know we respect individual rights and individual freedoms here. 
中国是一个共产主义国家，所以他们能够做一些我们作为一个民主国家不能做的事情，你知道，我们尊重个人权利和个人自由。
but there is still a lot that we can learn from how they did surveillance etc. especially given the breadth of contact tracing that we likely are going to have to do based on community cases that we're going to see all across the United State. 
但是，我们仍然可以从他们的监视等工作中学到很多东西，特别是考虑到接触者追踪的广度，我们可能要根据社区案例来做，我们将会在美国各地看到这些案例。
we won't have enough epidemiologist and the CDC won't have enough personnel. 
我们不会有足够的流行病学家，疾控中心也不会有足够的人员。
what we can learn in how China and Korea, if you're looking at the data that's coming out of Korea now.  
我们可以从中国和韩国中学到什么，如果你看看现在韩国的数据。
and their aggressive approach to testing and community based on testing they were doing 15000 tests a day may have mitigated and reduced how bad the response that could have been.
他们积极的测试方法和基于测试的社区他们每天做15000个测试可能减轻和减少了糟糕的反应。
so I think that's going to be incredibly important . 
所以我认为这是非常重要的。
