美洲狮是一种体形似猫的大动物，产于美洲
a puma is a large cat-like animal, which found in America.
/pumas are large, cat-like animals that are found in America.
当伦敦动物园接到报告说，在伦敦以南45英里处发现一只美洲狮时，这些报告并没有受到重视。
when the London zoo received the reports that a puma had been spotted 45 miles south of London, the reports were not taken seriously.
when reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted 45 south of London, they were not taken seriously.
可是，随着证据越来越多，动物园的专家们感到有必要进行一番调查，因为凡是声称见到过美洲狮的人们所描述的情况竟是出奇地相似。
however, as the evidence grew, the zoo experts felt it's necessary to investigate, cause descriptions from people who claimed have seen the pumas are very similar.
/however, as the evidence grew, zoo experts felt the need to investigate, because the description by those people who claimed have seen the puma were surprisingly similar.
/however, the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged to investigate, for the descriptions given by people who claimed have seen the puma were extraordinarily similar.
搜寻美洲狮的工作是从一座小村庄开始的。那里的一位妇女在采摘黑莓时的看见“一只大猫”，离她仅5码远，她刚看见它，它就立刻逃走了。
the searching for the puma gets started from a village. A woman saw a puma only 5 yards away from her while she is picking blackberries. It ran away once she saw it.
/the puma hunt began in a small village, a woman there saw a large cat while picking blackberries, only 5 yards away from her, the moment she saw it, it immediately fled.
/ the hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw a large cat only five yards away from her.
it immediately ran away when she saw it.
专家证实，美洲狮非被逼得走投无路，是决不会伤人的。
the experts confirmed that pumas will not attack people unless it has no way to escape.
/experts have confirmed that a puma will never hurt people unless it is forced into desperation.
/ experts confirm that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered.
事实上搜寻工作很困难，因为常常是早晨在甲地发现那只美洲狮，晚上却在20英里外的乙地发现它的踪迹。
In fact, the hunt for the puma is difficult, for the puma is usually at one place in the morning, and another place 20 miles away in the evening.
/ In fact, the search was difficult, because the puma was often found in one place in the morning, but it was found at another place 20 miles away at night.
/ the search proved difficult, for the puma was often observed in one place in the morning and at another place in the evening.
无论它走哪儿，一路上总会留下一串死鹿及死兔子之类的小动物，在许多地方看见爪印，灌木丛中发现了粘在上面的美洲狮毛。 
wherever it went, it left behind it some dead dear and small animals, like rabbits, paw prints were seen at many places and the puma fur were found clinging to bushes.
/ wherever it goes, there will always be a bunch of dead deers and dead rabbits, paw prints were seen in many places, and puma fur was found in the bushes.
/ wherever it went, it left behind it a trail of dead deer and small animals, like rabbits, paw prints were found in a number of places, and puma fur was seen clinging to bushes.
有人抱怨说夜里听见“像猫一样的叫声”;一位商人去钓鱼，看见那只美洲狮在树上。
someone complained that there was some cat-like voice at night. a fishing businessman saw a puma on a tree.
/ some people complained that a "cat-like cry" was heard at night. a businessman went fishing and saw the puma on the tree.
//several people complained of 'cat-like noises' at night and a businessman on a fishing trip saw the puma up a tree.

专家们如今已经完全肯定那只动物就是美洲狮，但它是从哪儿来的呢?由于全国动物园没有一家报告丢了美洲狮，因此那只美洲狮一定是某位私人收藏豢养的，不知怎么设法逃出来了.
experts are now fully convinced that is the puma, but where was it from. as there is no report from the London Zoo showing that missing a puma so that puma must be raised by someone and managed to escape.          
//experts are now fully sure that the animal is the puma, but where did it come from, since no zoo in the country has reported that a puma has been lost, the puma must be raised by a private collection. and somehow escaped.
// the experts were now fully convinced that the animal was a puma, but where had it come from, as no puma had been reported missing from any zoo in the country, so this one must have been in the possession of a private collector and somehow manage managed to escape.
搜寻工作进行了好几个星期，但始终未能逮住那只美洲狮。想到在宁静的乡村里有一头危险的野兽继续逍遥流窜，真令人担心。
// the searching went on for several weeks, but the puma was still not caught, It is disturbing that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the countryside.
// the search went on for several weeks but failed to catch it. It is worrying to think that a dangerous beast continues to roam in the peaceful countryside.
//it is disturbing to think that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside.
