我们教区的牧师总是为各种各样的事筹集资金。但始终未能筹足资金把教堂的钟修好。教堂的钟很大，以前不分昼夜打点报时，但很多年前遭到毁坏，从此便无声无息了.
Our parish priest always raises money for a variety of things. But always failed to raise enough funds to repair the church bell.
The church's bell was very big. It used to be timed around the clock, but it was destroyed many years ago and it has been silent since then.
// our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another, but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired.
//the big cloch which used to strick the hour day and night was damanged many years ago and has been silent ever since.
一天夜里，我们的牧师突然被惊醒了，大钟又在“打点”报时了!他一看表，才1点钟，可是那钟一边敲了13下才停。
牧师拿着一支电筒走上钟楼想去看看究竟发生了什么事情。借着电筒光。他看见一个人，马上认出那是本地杂货店主经比尔.威尔金斯。
one night, our vica was waked up suddenly, the church clock was striking again. He looked at his watch, it was one o'clock, but the clock
strick thirteen times before stoped. The vicar took a light to go to the clock building, he wanted to see what was going on. under the light,
he immediately recognized that thati s bill willson.
// one night, our priest was suddenly awakened, the big clock was timing again. he looded at his watch, it was only one o'clock, but it struck
13 times before stopping. the priest walked up to the clock tower with a flashlight to see what was going on.
By flashlight, he saw a man, he immediately recognized it as the owner of the local grocery store, bill wilkins.
//one night, however, our vicar woke up with a start: the clock was striking the hours. Looking at his watch, he saw that it was one o'clock.
but the bell struck 13 times before it stopped. armed with a torch, the vicar went up into the clock tower to see what was going on.
in the torchlight, he caught a sight of figure whom he immediately recognized as bill wilkins, our local grocer.
“你究竟在这上面干什么，比尔?”牧师惊讶地问。
“我想把这口钟修好，”比尔回答说。“好几个星期了，我天天夜里到钟楼上来。嗯，我是想让你大吃一惊。”
“你确实使我大吃了一惊!”牧师说，“也许同时你把村里所有的人都吵醒了。不过，钟又能报时了，我还是很高兴的。”
what are you doing up here, bill. asked the vicar. I just want to repair the bell. answered bill. it is several weeks that I came up the 
clock tower every night. I just want to give you a suprise. You really gave me big surpise, said the vicar, but you had waked up all the people
in the village. But I am glad that the belle is working now.
// what the hell are you doing up here bill, asked the vicar in surprise. I want to fix the bell. answered the bill.
I come up to the clock tower every night for weeks. well, I want to give you a surprise. you did surprise me. said the priest.
maybe you woke everyone in the village at the same time. but I am glad that the bell can tell the time again.
// whatever are you doing up here bill, asked the vicar in surprise. I am tring to repair the bell.answered the bill. I've coming up 
here night after night for weeks. you see, I was hoping to give you a surprise. you certainly did give me a surprise, said the vicar.
you've probably woken up everyone in the village as well. Still, I'm glad the bell is working again.
“问题就在这里，牧师，”比尔回答说。“不错，钟能报时了，但是，恐怕每到1点钟，它总要敲13下，对此我已无能为力了。”
　“大家慢慢就习惯了，比尔，”牧师说。“13下是不如1下好，但总比1下也不敲强。来，咱们下楼去喝杯茶吧。”
 that's the trouble, vicar, answered bill. well, it's working all right. but I'm afraid that it will strick 13 times one o'clock at night.
 I can not do anything about that. People will be used to that, bill, said the vicar, Thirteen is not as good as 1, but it is better than
 nothing. come on, let's go downstairs and have a cup of tea.
 //the problem is here, vicar, said the bill. That's right, the bell can tell the time again. but I'm afraid that it will strike 13 times 
 every 1 o'clock.I can't do anything about that.Everyone is getting used to that, bill, said the vicar. 13 is not as good as one, but it's 
 better than nothing, let's go downstairs for a cup of tea.
 //That's the trouble, vicar,It's working all right. but I'm afraid that at one o'clock it will strick 13 times and there's nothing I can 
 do about it.We'll get used to that, bill said the vicar.

