I’m vanessa from speakingEnglishwithvanessa.com, my husband, who is also going to be giving another perspective in today's conversation. today, we're bringing you an amazing, long, english conversation, so prepare your ears, prepare your mind, we're going to talk about 12 different topics, and hopefully providing some new expressions, new ways to think about life, I don't know about that, but at least some english help for you. it's going to get personal today, so get ready, yeah, are you ready to get started? I'm ready, let's get started, the first topic is family, who do you think you are the most like? who am i the most like, in appearance? both appearance and character? so appearance I look mostly like my mom, I think, I have more of her skin tone, I have her eyes. on her side of the family, most of people are pretty skinny, and I'm a rather skinny guy, my dad's side is German, and they tend to be a little bit bigger, I definitely got my mom's side, character-wise, I think I am a little more like my dad, would you agree, I'd say that you have shades of your dad, you know me so well, so you can answer this too, I think you have shades of your dad, I think I'm more silly than my dad, that's not very hard because my dad is pretty serious.
he's got a silly side though. he does ,yeah, but for the most part, I think, I'm more like my dad because he has a very calm demeanor, he's very patient, and he doesn't get stressed about anything. actually, my dad gets so unstressed about everything, I even can't understand it, I'm like how are you so calm right now, and everybody I know thinks that I'm the most stress-free person they know. but your dad is even more stress free. we are similar, like growing up when parents would be going somewhere. and needing to get out of the house, me and my dad would be the last one out of the house every single time. we would be like what, we'll make it, we'll be okay, no problme. and your brother and your sister were saying come on hurry,  my mom is like, let's go, my mom is much more high stress, anxious kind of personality. that's kind of a typical family situation.I think I have both parents in me as well, I think I look a lot like my mom, she looks exactly like her mom, like to a T, sometimes when I see pictures of myself, and then I look at a picture of her at the same age, we look really similar, she looks a lot like her mom, so I can kind of imagine what I'll look like when I'm getting older. you have a darker hair, the darker feature, you got that from your father, yeah somewhat, but I think a lot of my features are similar to my mom, but I think I also got my facial expressions from  my mom, a lot of comment that, wow, vanessa, you have a lot of expressions. your mom is very expressive, jus like you, I think it's true that I use a lot of expressions but it's just natural for me, I do this in daily life as I'm talking about things,
and I think that I got that from my mom, sometimes I see some of her experssions and I realize that I do that too. I remmember that when we lived in south korea, every single korean person was commenting on vanessa's expressions, they are like, your face, it's so exciting, how are you making so many faces, everybody was surprised, I guess in korea they don't make as many faces, I don't know maybe it's just not. maybe it's just an unusual trait. I'm grateful for that, especially as a teacher, I can hopefully help to explain some different concepts with my faces as well, I feel like I also have parts of my dad, my dad is pretty a rational guy, you are rational like your dad, but I think I also have his sense of humor, sometimes a little strange sense of humor, but we laugh at the same things, we enjoy playing games, and being competitive, so I thinke that that side of me, maybe some of the character of me. It's similar to him.
I feel like I also have some parts of my grandma, my grandma is a go go gogogogo person,  she never stops, and I think my biggest flaw is that I have difficulty slowing down and relaxing, I just keep going, that's why she is with me,  I need help relaxing, I help her relax, I think that my grandma is like this too, she is always going and always doing things, it's healthy to slow down every now and then.(时不时的)，  I need to do that, she probably needs to do that too sometimes, I don't know if I learned taht from her, but maybe that's just part of my-, I think it's your personality, DNA, character, I can remember even when I first met vanessa, she was more gogogo than she is now, oh, you think so?  more like so this thing, then the next,  and the enthusiasm was always, it is like bouncing everywhere, I always have a lot of enthusiasm that true; yes it's off the charts,
I want to know for you, who are you most like in your family, it's maybe your physical trait, or your character, ok, let's go on to our second question. the next topic is childhood, I want to know when do you think childhood ends, and when do you become an adult. this is a deep question. I don't think it can be a specific age, I think it's different for everyone, I think it's at any point you can leave this house of your parents and live on your own. take care of your self, and you are not like dependent on somebody else, like if you are living with your friends and bumming off them, you are not an adult yet, if I had to pick like an age, i'd probably say 16. I'm saying kind of young, In an ideal world, I think 16 years old should be ready. at 16 were you ready? no, of course not, ideally, you know I don't think our society prepare us to be ready at 16, It prepare you to be at 18, but you know, in an ideal world, I think you could be ready at 16, it's a complicated world now, so maybe 18 is an acceptable age. I feel like, for me, I have less ideas about childhood ending and adulthood starting that are physical.I feel like it has more to do with making your own decision. there might be a lot of reasons why you have to live at home, or you have to be dependent on someone else, but if you are making your own decisions , you are not a child, you are an adult. and I'm sure as our children get older and become teenagers, that's going to be a little harder for us to make that line for someone else, for myself, making more decisions. assuming you are capable as a person to live on your own. yeah, I think you can still be an adult just making your own decisions, but we still need help from other people as adults, so it is a grey area.
it's not so clear, I would also add, for myself, personally, having children really makes you an adult. It doesn't have to be true for everyone, I think it's really easier to just , kind of be selfish, and do their own thing, kind of live like a child, because nowadays we have so much entertainment, you could just watch Tv every day, a lot of guys I know play video games a lot, I'm not knocking on video games but playing video games is a good to remain a child. at heart anyways, this is a little judgemental, I think if you are a good person and have a child, you will feel forced to be adults,  there is still bad person who have a child who remain children themselves, and then they are bad parents, but i think if you are a generally  a good person, when you ha ve a child , it's kind of a shock.this child is dependent on me, I need to be responsible, I have to organnize myself somehow, I think being an adult, part of it is having a burden of responsibility,
some kind, whether it's a job, or your house payments, or whatever it is,some people add the burdens of responsibility anyways without children, for me it's different, like this is the person I'm taking care of in my life. we 've got two, two coming up soon,  I have a question for you, when do you think childhood ends, and when does adulthood start, it's gonna be different fore every different culture too, cause it's a very cultural specific question. maybe it's different than your  country, maybe you have a rite of passage in your country, can you explain what a rite of passage is, that's kind of a nuanced thing, a rite of passage is just something that every boy or girl doe to become an adult. like a ceremony, an activity, we don't really have this in us, it's kind of is, but it is a really bad one, cause they usually go and have parties, and they live irresponsibily,
it's not a good way  to be a responsible adult. and you do more school, it's not really,  becoming a man, changing your life completely,
