I want to see a show of hands: how many of you have unfriended someone on facebook because they said something
offensive about politics or religion, child care, food, how many of you know at least one person that you avoid
because you just don't talk to them. it used to be that in order to have a polite conversation, we just had to 
follow this advice of higgils in my fair lady, stick to the weather and your health. but these days, with climate
changes and anti-vaxxing, those subjects are not safe either. so this world that we live in,  this world in which 
every conversation has the potential to devolve into an argument where our politicians can't speak to one another, 
and where even the most trivial of issues have someone fighting both passionately for it and against it, it's not 
normal. pew research did a study of 10,000 American adults, and they found that at this moment we are more polarized,
we are more divided than we ever have been in history. we are less likely to compromise, which means we are not listening 
to each other, and we make decisions about where to live, who to marry and even who our friends are going to be,
based on what we already believe. again, that means we are not listening to each other, a conversation requires a balance
between talking and listening, somewhere along the way(再这个过程中的某个阶段), we lost that balance. part of that is due to 
technology, the smartphones that you all either have in your hands, or close enough that you could grab them really quickly, 
according pew research, about a third of American teenagers, send more than a hundred texts a day, and many of them , almost
most of them, are more likely to text their friends than they are to talk to them face to face. there is this great piece in 
the Altlantic(有个伟大的作品在大西洋)， it was written by a high school teacher named paul barnwell, he gave his kids a communication
project. he wanted to teach them how to speak on a specific subject without using notes, he said like this, I came to realize, 
that conversational competence might be the single most overlooked skill we fail to teach.kids spend hours each day engaging
with ideas and each other through screens, but rarely do they have an opportunity to hone their interpersonal communications skills.
it might sound like a funny question, but we have to ask ourselves: is there 21st century skill more important than being able to sustain
coherent, confident conversation? now, I make my living talking to people, nobel prize winners, truck drivers, billionaires, kindergarten
teachers, heads of state, plumbers, I talk to peple that I like, I talk to people that i don't like. I talk to some people that I disagree with
deeply on a personal level. But I still have a conversation with them, I'd like to spend the next 10 minutes or so teaching you how to talk and how to \
listen. many of you have already heard a lot of advice on this, things like look the peoson in the eye, think of interesting topics to discuss in 
advance, look, node and smile to show that you are paying attention. repeat back what you just heard or summarize it. so I want you forget all of that, 
it is crap, there is no reason to learn how to show you're paying attention if you are in fact paying attention. Now, I actually use the exact
same skills as a professional interviewer that I do in regular life. I'm going to teach you how to interview people that's actually going to help you 
learn how to be better conversationalists. learn to have a conversation without wasting your time, without getting bored, or without 
offending anybody, we've all had really great conversations,we've had them before we know what it's like. the kind of conversation where you walk away
feeling engaged and inspired, where you feel like you've made a real connection, or you've been perfectly understood, there is no reason why most of your
interactions can't be like that. So I have 10 basic rules, I'm going to walk you through all of them. but honestly, if you just choose one of them and master it,
you'll already enjoy better conversations. No.1 don't multitask, I don't mean just set down your cell phone, or your tablet, your car keys, or whatever is in you hand.
I mean, be present, be in taht moment, don't think about your argument with your boss, don't think about what you are going to have for dinner.
if you want to get out of the conversation, get out of the conversation, don't be half in it, and half out of it. No. 2, don't pontificate, if you want to state you opinion,
without any opportunity for response or argument or pushback or growth, write a blog, there is a really good reason why I don't allow pundits on my show, because they are reaaly 
boring. if they are conservative, they are going to hate Obama and food stamps and abortion, if they are liberal, they are going to  hate big banks and oil corporations and 
dick cheney. totally predictable, and you don't want be like that, you need to enter every conversation assuming that you have something to learn. the famed therapist(著名的治疗师)
M.scott peck said that true listening requires a setting a setting aside of oneself.and sometimes that means setting aside your personal opinion.
sensing this acceptance the speaker will be less and less vulnerable and more and more likely to open up the inner recesses of his or her mind to the listener.
again asssume that you have something to learn, bill Nye, everyone you will ever meet know something taht you don't, I put it in this way, everybody is an expert in something.
No.3, use open-ended questions, in this case, take a cue from journalists, start your question with who what where when why, or how, if I ask you, were you terrified?  you are going to response to
the most powerful word in that sentence which is terrified and the answer is yes I was or no I wasn't, were you angry? yes I was very angry,
let them describe it they are the ones that know, try asking them things like what was like, how did that feel, then they have to stop for a moment and think about it, then
you are going to get a much more interesting response, NO.4 go with flow, that means thoughts will come into your mind and you need to let them go out of your mind, we've heard interviews often in which
a guest is talking for several and then the host come back in and asked a question which seams like it comes out of nowhere or it's already been answered that means that the host probably stopped
listening two minutes ago beacuse he thought of a really clever question and he was just bound and determined to say that, and we do the exact the same thing, we're sitting  there have a conversation with 
someone and then we remember that time that we met hugh jackman in a coffee shop, and we stopped listening stories and ideas are going to come to you and you need to let them come and let them go. No5, if you 
don't know, say that you don't know, people on the radion especially on NPR, are much more aware that they are going on the record. they are more careful about what they claim to be an expert in and what they claim
to know for sure. do that err on the side of caution, talk should not be cheap. No6, don't equate your experience with theirs, if you are talking about having lost a family member, don't start talking about 
the time that you lost a family member, if you are talking about the trouble that they are having at work.don't tell them how much you hate jobs, it's not the same, it's never the same, all experiences are individual and
more importantly, it is not about you, you don't take that moment to prove how amazing you are, or how much you've suffered,(你受了多少苦)，somebody asked SH once what his IQ was and he says I have no idea people 
brag about their IQs are losers. conversations are not promotional opportunity. No7, try not to repeat yourself, it's condecending and it's really boring, and we tend to do it a lot, especially in work conversations or in 
conversations with our kids. we have a point to make so we just keep rephrasing it over and over again.  No9, stay out of the weeds. frankly, people don't care about the years the names the dates, all of details that you are 
struggling to come up with in your mind, they don't care what they care is you, they care about what you are like. what you have in common. so forget the details leave them out,  No9 is not the last one but it's the most important
one, listen I cannot tell you how many important people have said that the listening is perhaps the most the number one most important skill that you could develop, buddha said and I'm paraphrasing if your mouth is open you are not learning
no man ever listened his way of a job, why do we not listen to each other, no1, we'd rather talk. when I'm talking, I'm in control I don't have to hear anything I'm not interested in
